(4a) SENALI SHYANADEE WITHANAGE
Attorney-at-Law & Notary Public No. 16, Skelton Road, Colombo 05
Office:
John Keells Holdings PLC, No. 117,
Sir Chittampalam A. Gardiner Mawatha, Colombo 02.
(4b) 070 2966563
Serial No. of Notary: 1/1/04/4308
Judicial Zone of Notary: Colombo
Duplicate Office: Delkanda Land Registry
Local Authority: Municipal Council of Colombo
Grama Niladari Division: Hunupitiya (now Ibbanwela)
Divisional secretary: Colombo
Consideration: Rs.
Stamp Duty: Rs.

Prior Registration:















No.
(5) LEASE AGREEEMENT


THIS AGREEMENT made and entered into at Colombo in the Republic of Sri Lanka on this Twenty Fourth ( 24th ) day of April Two Thousand and Twenty-Six (2026)

BY AND BETWEEN

(6.a) BRAYBROOKE RESIDENTIAL TOWERS (PRIVATE) LIMITED, a company duly incorporated under the laws of Sri Lanka, bearing registration (6.b) No. PV 128387 and having its registered office at   (7) No. 117, Sir Chittampalam A Gardiner Mawatha, Colombo 02, Sri Lanka (hereinafter sometimes called and referred to as the “LESSOR” which term or expression as herein used shall where the context so requires or admits mean and include the said (6.a) BRAYBROOKE RESIDENTIAL TOWERS (PRIVATE) LIMITED and its successor and assigns) of FIRST PART

AND

(8.a) CAPITAL TRUST HOLDINGS LIMITED, a company duly incorporated under the laws of Sri Lanka, bearing registration (8.b) No. PV 75497PB and having its registered office at            (10) No. 42, Sir Mohammed Macan Markar Mawatha, Colombo 03 (hereinafter called and referred to as “LESSEE” which term or expression as herein used shall where the context so requires or admits mean and include the said (8.a) CAPITAL TRUST HOLDINGS LIMITED and its successor and assigns) of the OTHER PART




-WITNESSETH-

WHEREAS the Lessor is seised and possessed of or otherwise well and sufficiently entitled to all the Residential Apartment Units morefully described in the First Schedule hereto (hereinafter sometimescoactively called and referred to “Apartment Units” and individually called and referred to “Apartment Unit” as the context may require to) depicted in Condominium Plan No. 16878 dated 24th July 2023 made by G. B. Dodanwela, Licensed Surveyor located in the condominium building called and referred to as (11) “TRI-ZEN” (the “Building”) together with all the fixtures, fittings and equipment contained therein.

AND WHEREAS the Lessor has agreed to let, lease and demise unto the Lessee and the Lessee has agreed to take on lease the said Apartment Units which are morefully described in the First Schedule hereto located in the Building together with the furniture fixtures and fittings thereon morefully described in the Annexure hereto marked “Annexure X” signed and acknowledged by both parties, for a period of One ( 01 ) year commencing on the (13) Twenty Sixth ( 26th ) day of April Two Thousand and Twenty-Six (2026) and ending on the Twenty Fifth ( 25th ) day of April Two Thousand and Twenty-Seven (2027) and subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter contained.

NOW THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH AND IT IS HEREBY AGREED BETWEEN THE LESSOR AND THE LESSEE AS FOLLWS:

That in pursuance of the said Agreement and in consideration of the rents by the Lessee as hereinafter provided and of the covenants and conditions hereinafter contained on the part of the Lessee to be paid done observed and performed the Lessor doth hereby let lease and demised unto the Lessee the Apartment Units morefully described in the First Schedule hereto (herein after sometimes collectively referred as “Demised Premises”) located in the Building together with fixtures fittings and equipment morefully respectively described in the Annexure X hereto and other conveniences and all other rights ways means of access, privileges, easements, servitudes, advantages means of access and appurtenances whatsoever thereunto belonging or in anywise appertaining or held to belong or be appurtenant thereto used or enjoyed therewith.

TO HOLD the said Apartment Units unto and to the use of the Lessee for the term and period of One ( 01 ) year commencing on the (13) Twenty Sixth ( 26th ) day of April Two Thousand and Twenty-Six (2026) and ending on the Twenty Fifth ( 25th ) day of April Two Thousand and Twenty-Seven (2027) (hereinafter called and referred to as “Term”)

YIELDING AND PAYING THEREFOR unto the Lessor during the said Term of One ( 01 ) year a rental of UNITED STATES DOLLARS TWENTY ONE THOUSAND (USD 21,000/-) per Apartment Unit inclusive of all applicable taxes hereof prevalent at the time of executing these presents aggregating to a total of UNITED STATES DOLLARS FORTY TWO THOUSAND (USD 42,000/-) to be paid in the following manner:-

For the period commencing from (44) 26th April 2026 to 25th July 2026 a total rental of (15.a) UNITED STATES DOLLARS FIVE THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY (USD 5,250/-) per Apartment Unit (calculated at the rate of (14)USD 1,750/- per month per Apartment Unit), equivalent to Three
(03) months’ rental per Apartment Unit amounting to a sum of (15.b) UNITED STATES DOLLARS TEN THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED (USD 10,500/-) shall be paid on or before the execution of these Presents;

For the period commencing from (45) 26th July 2026 to 25th October 2026 a total rental of (15.a) UNITED STATES DOLLARS FIVE THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY (USD 5,250/-) per Apartment Unit
(calculated at the rate of (14)USD 1,750/- per month per Apartment Unit) payment amounting to a sum of (15.b) UNITED  STATES  DOLLARS TEN THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED (USD 10,500/-) to be paid
on or before the 26th July 2026;

For the period commencing from (46) 26th October 2026 to 25th January 2027 a total rental of
(15.a) UNITED  STATES  DOLLARS FIVE THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY (USD 5,250/-) per
Apartment Unit (calculated at the rate of (14)USD 1,750/- per month per Apartment Unit) payment amounting to a sum of (15.b) UNITED STATES DOLLARS TEN THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED (USD 10,500/-) to be paid on or before the 26th October; and

For the period commencing from (47) 26th January 2027 to 25th Apr 2027 a total rental of (15.a) UNITED STATES DOLLARS FIVE THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY (USD 5,250/-) per Apartment Unit
(calculated at the rate of (14)USD 1,750/- per month per Apartment Unit) payment amounting
to a sum of (15.b) UNITED  STATES  DOLLARS TEN THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED (USD 10,500/-) to be paid
on or before the 26th January 2027.

For purposes of calculating Stamp Duty, the total value of this Indenture of Lease comprising of the aggregate value of Rent for the full Term Reserved hereunder amounts to Sri Lankan (19) Rupees Three Hundred Seventeen and Cents Seven Five (Rs.317.75/-) only.


THE LESSEE TO THE INTENT THAT THE OBLIGATIONS MAY CONTINUE EQUALLY THROUGHOUT THE TERM HEREBY CREATED DOTH HEREBY COVENANT AND AGREE WITH THE LESSOR AS FOLLOWS:

Maintenance of the Demised Premises: The Lessee shall maintain and keep the Demised Premises and the fixtures fittings and equipment morefully respectively described in the Annexure X in a clean and sanitary state and in strict conformity with the rules and regulations laws and by laws of the relevant Local Authority or the Urban Development Authority and any other statutory body in force in the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and to be liable for and to pay all fines, convictions or impositions that may be imposed or levied for the breach or non-observance or non-performance of such rules regulations or by- laws and to keep the Lessor freed and indemnified from all prosecutions and fines which may be imposed in consequence of the breach or non-performance of any laws or by-laws as far as the Demised Premises and the fixtures fittings and equipment morefully respectively described in the Annexure X are concerned.

The Lessee shall make good any damages caused to the Demised Premises and to the fixtures fittings and equipment morefully described respectively in the Annexure X as a result of the Lessee, the Lessee’s agents, employees, licensees and invitees’ negligence or misuse.

The Lessee shall deposit with the Lessor a sum of (16.a) UNITED STATES DOLLARS FIVE THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY (USD 5,250/-) equivalent to Three (03) months’ lease rental per Apartment Unit amounting to a total sum of amounting to a sum of (16.b) UNITED STATES DOLLARS TEN THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED (USD 10,500/-) as a Refundable Security Deposit to be refunded within One (01) month once the Lessee hands over peaceful and vacant possession of the said Demised Premises/Apartment Units unto the Lessor at the expiration or sooner determination thereof subject to deductions of any sum or sums of money that may be payable by the Lessee on any account whatsoever inclusive of any sum of sums or money that may be due on account of arrears of rent unpaid electricity and water bills or for any damage that may be caused to the said Demised Premises and fixtures fittings and equipment morefully respectively described in the Annexure X (normal wear and tear excepted).

To avoid any confusion, where the rentals and/or any other payment due to the Lessor is to be paid by the Lessee in a currency other than in United States Dollars, then the rentals and/or any such other payment due to the Lessor shall be paid in a sum equivalent thereto in such other currency converted at the prevailing exchange rates published by the Central Bank of Sri Lanka which would be the (18) mid-rate as provided by the Lessor based on rates prevalent at the date of raising their invoice.




The Lessee shall observe perform and comply with all rules and regulations implemented from time to time by the Lessor and /or the management corporation of the Building as the case maybe and any other rules governing the use of a Demised Premises including rules in respect of security, maintenance and servicing by the management corporation of the Building or the vendor of the Building until the management corporation of the Building is formed.

Authorization for the Lessor to enter the Demised Premises: Lessee shall permit the Lessor or its agents, employees, officers or representatives where necessary with any workmen and appliances after reasonable notice in writing at all reasonable times to enter the Demised Premises for the purpose of inspecting the state and condition thereof or for effecting any repairs to the Demised Premises as the Lessor may deem necessary however notwithstanding the right of the Lessor or its agents to do a mandatory inspection of the Demised Premises after Six (06) month from the date of execution of these presents.

Usage and Purpose of the Lease: The Lessee shall use the Demised Premises only for residential purposes and not for any commercial or immoral purposes and shall not use or offer or permit the
use of any part or portion hereof for any other purposes by any person whom so ever. At any given time, the total number of persons occupying each Apartment Unit in the Demised Premises morefully described in the First Schedule hereto shall (21) not exceed Six (06) persons. It is strictly prohibited for the Lessee to bring any pets, birds and any other animals to the Demised Premises. The Lessee further warrants to the Lessee that throughout the Term of this Agreement, all the occupiers of the Demised Premises shall have the requisite government permits and approvals to reside in Sri Lanka and the Lessee shall indemnify and keep the Lessor indemnified against all costs prosecutions and fines if any arising from any breach of any law, rule, regulation and/or by-law imposed by the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka.

The Lessee shall not do or permit or suffer any illegal or immoral activity to be done in the Demised Premises and shall not cause any hindrance or inconvenience to other occupiers of the Building by its use of the Demised Premises. The Lessee shall also ensure that any third parties present with its permission will not cause any nuisance to the other occupiers of the Building.

No Commercial activities to be carried out: The Lessee shall not in any way or manner carry out any commercial activity at the Demised Premises or register any company or entity at the Demised Premises or use the address of the Demised Premises to register any such company or entity and the Lessee shall indemnify and keep the Lessor indemnified against all costs prosecutions and fines if any arising from any breach of this covenant.

The Lessee shall not use or permit to be used the Demised Premises and/or portion of the Demised Premises to engage in any activity that would endanger or threaten the safety of the said Demised Premises.

Assignment of Lease upon Sale of Apartment: The Lessee hereby agrees and acknowledges that Lessor has the right to sell, transfer, or convey the Apartment Unit and/or Apartment Units and/or the Demised Premises to any third party at the discretion of the Lessor. The Lessee hereby further agrees and acknowledges that such sale, transfer, or conveyance shall not affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement. In the event of such sale transfer, or conveyance, all rights, duties, and obligations of the Lessor under this Agreement shall be assigned and transferred to the new owner of the respective Apartment Unit, and such new owner shall be deemed as the Lessor under this agreement pertaining to such Apartment Unit for all purposes herein. This Agreement shall remain binding upon the Lessee and such new owner for the unexpired portion of the Term, and the Lessee shall not object or challenge this arrangement in any manner whatsoever under any circumstance.

No Subletting/ Subleasing: The Lessee shall have the right to sub-let or sublease the rights hereunder or part with the possession of the Demised Premises or any part or portion thereof to any other third party whomsoever during the Term of this Agreement provided that;

the Lessee shall bear any and all responsibilities pertaining to such sub-letting or subleasing to third parties and the Lessee shall indemnify and keep the Lessor indemnified from all suits prosecutions fines damages non payments misuses of the services which may be imposed in consequence of such sub-letting or subleasing to third parties as far as the Demised Premises and the fixtures fittings and equipment morefully respectively described in the Annexure X are concerned, and shall in no way hold the Lessor liable for the same.
the Lessee shall make sure that such third-party sub-lessees observe perform and comply with all rules and regulations implemented from time to time by the Lessor and /or the management corporation of the Building as the case maybe and the provisions contained herein
Utility Payments: The Lessee shall pay all charges that may be charged or levied for electricity water telephone and any other utility bill consumed and utilized on the Demised Premises during the said Term and if the Lessee installs a telephone connection, internet and cable television then all telephone bills in respect of the telephone installed in the Demised Premises and the internet and cable television together with any other charges that may be incurred by the Lessee during the said Term shall be settled by Lessee and Lessee shall indemnify the Lessor against any and all suits prosecutions and fines resulting from non-payment of the dues or misuses of the services during the said Term. Copies of utility bills and receipts of payments shall be forwarded to the Lessor monthly.

The Lessee strictly shall pay the utility bills and bills for the above facilities in a timely manner and shall not cause the same to be disconnected for any reason whatsoever.

Minor Repairs/ Repairs: The Lessee shall attend to all minor repairs and maintenance of the Demised Premises and to any fixture and fittings therein belonging to the Lessor at any one time below the sum of (22) United States Dollars One Hundred (USD 100/-) per one Apartment Unit and effect all repairs which may be caused by any negligence willful act or omission on the part of the Lessee and or their employees servants customers and or other persons having dealings with the Lessee at the Demised premises and if any such fixtures and fittings have to be replaced such replacement should be as far as possible of the same pattern and quality as the particular items which have to be replaced.

No Structural Alterations: Not to make or effect any structural alterations or additions to the Demised Premises without the prior written consent of the Lessor and not to cut or damage in any way or suffer to be cut or damaged in any way the fixtures fittings and equipment morefully respectively described in the Annexure X hereto roof floor walls windows doors or any other part of the Demised Premises and the Lessee shall not make any structural or other improvements to the said Demised Premises without the prior written approval of the Lessor. The Lessor shall have no liability whatever for the alteration or additions made and no compensation will be payable for improvements made by the Lessee at the expiry of these presents.

Vacant Possession at the end of the Rent: The Lessee shall at the expiration or sooner determination of the Term hereby created, peaceably and quietly deliver up surrender and yield up the said Demised Premises/Apartment Units together with the with fixtures fittings and equipment morefully respectively described in the Annexure X hereto, all walls, windows, doors, locks, fasteners, and other equipment fixtures and fittings unto the Lessor in good order and condition in accordance with the Lessee’s covenants herein, reasonable wear and tear excepted. The Lessor shall have the right to claim from the Lessee the cost of such damages due to the occupation of the Lessee if such damages are not remedied by the Lessee and if the security deposit (if any) is not sufficient to recover the said cost of damages.

If at the expiration or the sooner determination of the Term, the Lessee fails or otherwise neglects to peaceably surrender and yield up unto the Lessor the Demised Premises, the Lessee shall pay to the Lessor,(23) United States Dollars One Hundred (USD100/-) per day per Apartment Unit as liquidated damages and not as a penalty for each day of delay in handing over vacant possession of the Demised Premises to the Lessor and the Lessor shall have the right to sue the Lessee for ejectment from the said Demised Premises and for the recovery of continuing damages anything to the contrary in any other law equity notwithstanding.

The Lessee shall make good all damages caused to the Demised Premises by the negligence of its employees, agents or visitors. The Lessee shall not claim from the Lessor at any time any compensation and/or damages for any injury, loss or damages that may be caused to the Lessee ts employees, licensees, invitees, agents and servants and/or to the Lessee's its licensee's invitee's agents and servant's property, directly arising out of the use and occupation of the Demised Premises or incidental to the use and occupation of the Demised Premises by the Lessee save and except such happenings occasioned by the willful act neglect or negligence of the Lessor.

Situations to be avoided by the Lessee: The Lessee shall not store, keep or permit or suffer to be kept on the Demised Premises any materials of a dangerous combustible inflammable or explosive nature which may contravene any local by-law or constitute a nuisance to the other occupiers of the Building and carry on or permit or suffer to be carried on upon the Demised
Premises any trade of a noxious or offensive nature. The Lessee shall further not do or permit to be done anything on the Demised Premises by reason whereof the present or any future policy or policies of insurance against damage by fire of the Building and the Demised Premises may become void or voidable or whereby the rate or premium of such policies may be increased and to repay to the Lessor on demand all sums paid by way of increased premium and all expenses incurred by the Lessor in or about any renewal of such policies rendered necessary by a breach or non-observance of this covenant.

Nuisance to neighbors: Not to permit any act of commission or omission which would create a nuisance to lessees or occupiers of the neighboring apartment units of the Building and/or buildings.

The Lessee shall not store any item and /or equipment in stairways, lifts, car park and /or any other common areas pertaining to the Demised Premises and the Building.

Lessee’s Property and contents at the Demised Premises: The Lessee shall throughout the Term be responsible for insuring Lessee's goods and equipment in the Demised Premises (other than the Building and structure) against all losses or damages by fire floods malicious or accidental damages tempest riot and civil commotion and other risks and the Lessor shall not be liable or be obliged to make good any loss or damage caused hereto or to replace the same. The Lessor shall not be liable or responsible for any loss damage or injury to the Lessee or her agents, employees, invitees or licenses.

Colour Scheme at the Demised Premises: The Lessee shall not change the colour scheme of the Demised Premises without prior consent from the Lessor.

Forwarding Notices: The Lessee shall forward promptly to the Lessor any statutory notices of assessment or any other notices served on the Demised Premises by the Municipal Council or local authority or any other body.

Destruction to Lessee’s goods: In the event of loss or damage caused by fire, riots, strike, malicious damages, explosions etc. to the goods of the Lessee, the Lessee is not entitled to claim any damage from the Lessor.

Accidents or damages occurring at the Demised Premises: The Lessee shall be responsible for any accident, damage or injury that shall occur within the Demised Premises to any person or property and keep the Lessor freed from and indemnified against all prosecutions, damages and fines which may be imposed in consequence and shall in no way hold the Lessor liable for the same and shall not make any claim whatsoever against the Lessor in respect of any such accident damage or injury.

Maintenance and Cleanliness: the Lessee shall be liable to pay an additional sum of (24) USD 75 or its equivalent in Sri Lankan Rupees per Apartment Unit at or before the execution of these presents unto the Lessor for cleaning purposes in order to maintain same condition of the Demised Premises at the expiry or sooner determination of the Term, as received at the commencement of the Term, reasonable wear and tear excepted.

Disposal of Garbage: The Lessee shall be responsible for disposing garbage and shall not violate any applicable laws and/or regulations imposed by the relevant local authority in that regard and the Building.


Taxation: If the Lessee is required to make a Tax deduction in the nature of a Withholding Tax, from the rent payments, the Lessor shall make that Tax deduction and any payment required in connection with that Tax deduction within the time allowed and in the minimum amount required by Sri Lankan law. Within Thirty (30) days of making such Tax deduction, the Lessee shall deliver to the Lessor the payment evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Lessor that the Tax deduction has been made or (as applicable) any appropriate payment paid to the relevant taxing authority and shall hand over to the Lessor the relevant Withholding Tax /Tax certificate.

AND THE LESSOR TO THE INTENT THAT ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREIN CONTAINED SHALL CONTINUE THROUGHOUT THE TERM HEREBY CREATED, COVENANT WITH THE LESSEE AS FOLLOWS:

Assessment Rates and Taxes: The Lessor shall pay all Rates Taxes and other levies imposed by the Local Authority in respect of the Demised Premises. In the event of any increase over an above the rates and taxes levied as at the date of these presents such increased amount shall be paid by the Lessee and the Lessee shall submit the receipt thereof to the Lessee.

 (26) Service charges and (25) Management fees: The Lessor shall pay the service charges and applicable management fees payable to management corporation or the developer (until the management corporation is formed) of the Building in respect of the Demised Premises.

Peaceful and vacant possession of the Demised Premises: The Lessor do hereby covenant with the Lessee that the Lessee paying the rent hereby reserved and agreed and duly observing and performing the covenants and conditions herein contained on its part to be observed and performed shall and may peaceably and quietly possess and enjoy the said Demised Premises hereby demised together with the fixtures and fittings during the said Term hereby granted without any unlawful interruption from or by the Lessor or any person lawfully claiming from or under them.

Title to the Demised Premises: The Lessor shall warrant and defend the title to the Demised Premises.

Structural Repairs: To attend to all structural repairs necessitated at the Demised Premises provided they were not due to the misuse negligence willful action or accident at the hands of the Lessee or those in the Demised Premises under the Lessee’s rights.

(31) Refunding Security Deposit: To refund to the Lessee within One (01) month of the handing over the vacant possession of the Demised Premises/Apartment Units/Apartment Unit by the Lessee at the expiry or sooner determination of the said Term the said sum of (16.a) UNITED STATES DOLLARS FIVE THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY (USD 5,250/-) per Apartment Unit paid by the Lessee to the Lessor as an interest free Refundable Security Deposit per each Apartment Unit provided however in the event of any damage caused to or suffered by the Demised Premises/ each Apartment Unit and the fixtures and fittings morefully respectively described in Annexure X during the said Term hereby created and/or if any payment for the consumption of the utilities are in arrears the Lessor shall be entitled to deduct from the said sum of (16.a) UNITED STATES DOLLARS FIVE THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY (USD 5,250/-) equivalent to Three (03) months’ lease rental per Apartment Unit amounting to a total sum of amounting to a sum of (16.b)  UNITED STATES DOLLARS TEN THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED (USD 10,500/-) and the costs of repairing and restoring the damages aforesaid to the Demised premises and/or to an Apartment Unit and any arrears in utility payments. If the said sum (16.a) UNITED STATES DOLLARS FIVE THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY (USD 5,250/-) equivalent to Three (03) months’ lease rental per Apartment Unit amounting to a total sum of amounting to a sum of (16.b) UNITED STATES DOLLARS TEN THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED (USD 10,500/-) shall not be sufficient to cover the said costs and damages the Lessee shall be liable to pay the remaining sum on demand to the Lessor to cover all such costs.

To inform the Management Corporation of the Building once formed, of the Lease herein granted to the Lessee.

PROVIDED ALWAYS AND IT IS HEREBY MUTUALLY AGREED BY AND BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO AS FOLLOWS:

Breach by the Lessee: If the Lessee shall commit a breach of any of the covenants on the part of the Lessee to be observed or performed then and in any of the said events it shall be lawful for the Lessor to give reasonable time for a period of Fourteen (14) days to remedy the breach and thereafter if not remedied any time to re-enter upon the demised premises or any part thereof in the name of the whole and thereupon this demise shall absolutely determine but without prejudice to the right of action of the Lessor in respect of any antecedent breach of covenant on the part of the Lessee and the recovery of legal costs incurred by the Lessor towards re-entry by the Lessor or other legal action taken by the Lessor towards the recovery of any arrears or damages resulting from any antecedent breach of any of the Lessee’s covenants
(32) Either party may terminate these presents before the expiry of the Term hereby created by giving the other party Three-months’ (03) prior notice in writing of their intention and in the event of such prior termination the Lessor shall refund to the Lessee, at the termination of this agreement, any unutilized balance sum paid as Refundable Security Deposit (Non-interest bearing) and any unutilized balance sum paid as rent in advance in respect of the remaining period (if any) of the demise hereby granted subject to the obligations and covenants of this Agreement.

Notwithstanding the provisions herein, in the event the Lessee fails or otherwise neglects to peaceably surrender and yield up unto the Lessor the Demised Premises at the expiration or the sooner determination of this Agreement, Lessor shall have the right;
to re-enter into the Demised Premises at any time without providing any notification to the Lessee
to notify the Property Manager and/or the Management Corporation of the Building to disconnect all the utility provisions connected to the Demised Premises including water and electricity; and
to prevent the Lessee and/or the Lessee’s agents, employees, licensees and invitees’ from entering into the Building and the Demised Premises
and the Lesse shall keep the Lessor, Property Manager and/or the Management Corporation of the Building indemnified against all suits prosecutions fines and impositions whatsoever resulting from such prevention.

(35) Renewal of the Rent: If either party wishes to renew this agreement for a further period of time such party shall send the other party in writing with notice of their intention to renew the lease agreement for a further period. Renewal of this Agreement shall be at the sole discretion of the Lessor and upon the Lessor agreeing to grant a renewal the parties shall enter into a fresh lease agreement to effect the renewal on the terms and conditions to be mutually agreed to at the time and such lease agreement shall be executed One (01) month prior to the expiry of the Term hereby created.

Lessor’s right to sue for ejectment: The Lessor shall have the right to sue the Lessee for ejectment of the Lessee from the Demised Premises and for the recovery of continuing damages as aforesaid notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any other law or equity. In addition, and without derogation to the aforesaid rights of the Lessor, in the event the Lessee fail to deliver to the Lessor peaceful and vacant possession of the Demised Premises on the expiration of the term hereby created or the sooner determination thereof, the Lessor will be entitled to seek an ex parte enjoining order/injunction preventing the Lessee from occupying Demised Premises and at the Lessee’s expense, remove all persons and property therefrom and for the purpose of any such re-possession, the Lessee hereby waives any and all notices prescribed by law to the Demised Premises and such right shall be in addition to any other rights and remedies which are available to the Lessor. The Lessee also expressly agree that the Lessor shall have the right to seek such interim/injunctive relief notwithstanding the liquidated damages payable.

No liability on the Lessor for loss of Lessee’s property: The Lessor shall not be held liable for any loss or damages caused to Lessee’s goods and or properties during the continuance of this Agreement. The security of the Demised Premises shall be the sole responsibility of the Lessee.

Inspection of the Demised Premises: The Lessor and the Lessee shall Ten (10) days prior to the expiry of this Agreement jointly inspect the Demised Premises and assess the damages/losses caused (if any) to the Demised Premises or its fixtures and fittings and shall then and there agree upon the amount to be paid for such damages/losses (if any).

No right to claim compensation for improvements: The Lessee shall not either during the Term hereby created or after the termination of these presents by effluxion of time or otherwise claim any sum of money whatsoever from the Lessor as compensation or otherwise or exercise or claim a jus retention is for any of the items which have been brought in or introduced by the Lessee at the expiration or sooner determination of this Indenture or any improvements effected by reason of the Lessee carrying out any alterations additions or repairs to the demised premises and/or any improvements to the Demised Premises and any improvements which cannot be removed from the Demised Premises at the end of the Term shall accrue to the benefit of the Lessor.
In the event of any such alterations additions repairs or improvements having been carried out by the Lessee in contravention of the relevant Municipal Council and/or Urban Development Authority regulations or by-laws or any other law for the time being in force the Lessee shall do or cause to be done all necessary things to bring the Demised Premises back to its original condition and shall keep the Lessor indemnified against all suits prosecutions fines and impositions whatsoever resulting from a breach of such regulations, by-laws or laws.

Costs and expenses pertaining to the execution of this Agreement: Either party will bear its own legal expenses in respect of the preparation and execution of these presents, provided (37) the stamp duty payments in respect of the these presents shall be borne and paid by the Lessee as provided in terms of Section 6(C) of the Stamp Duty (Special Provisions) Act No. 12 of 2006.

Governing Law and Jurisdiction: This Agreement shall be construed interpreted and applied in accordance with and shall be governed by the laws applicable in Sri Lanka and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts held at Colombo of Sri Lanka. Parties explicitly agree and acknowledge that the Demised Premises is an exempted premises from Rent Act and its amendments.

Notices: All notices required to be served hereunder shall be deemed to have been sufficiently served on the Lessor and the Lessee to the above-said address and if sent by registered post.

No Variation of agreement unless in writing: This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous agreements and understandings between the Parties with respect thereto. Any amendment or alteration shall only be done in writing by way of an addendum to this Agreement.


THE FIRST SCHEDULE ABOVE REFERRED TO




01

Condominium Parcel No.: (12.a) X/3/L43/U4Level: 43Tower: 03

Area of Unit:94Sq. M.

(Morefully described under Item No. 1 in the Second Schedule below)



02

Condominium Parcel No.: (12.b)  X/3/L44/U4Level: 44Tower: 03

Area of Unit:94Sq. M.

(Morefully described under Item No. 2 Second Schedule below)



THE SECOND SCHEDULE ABOVE REFERRED TO


ALL that Condominium Parcel (12.a) No. X/3/L43/U4 depicted in the Condominium Plan No. 16878 dated 24th July 2023 made by Gamini B. Dodanwela Licensed Surveyor bearing Assessment No. (1.a) 294 43/4, Dr. Colvin R De Silva Mawatha out of the Condominium Building known as “TRI-ZEN” situated at Slave Island in Ward No. 23 - Hunnupitiya within the Municipal Council Limits of Colombo in the Grama Niladari Division of Hunupitiya (Now Ibbanwala) and Divisional Secretary’s

Division of Colombo in the Palle Pattu of Salpiti Korale in the District of Colombo Western Province and which said Condominium Parcel No(12.a) X/3/L43/U4 is bounded as follows;

NORTH: Centre of wall between this Parcel and Parcel X/3/L43/U5, CE 43/14, CE 12/6, CE 43/16, CE 1/18 and Centre of wall of this Parcel
EAST: by Centre of wall of this Parcel
SOUTH: by Centre of wall of this Parcel
WEST: by Centre of wall of this Parcel, Centre of wall between this Parcel and Parcel X/3/L43/U5 and CE 43/14
ZENITH: by Center of concrete slab between this Parcel and Parcel X/3/L44/U4
NADIR: by Center of concrete floor between this Parcel and Parcel X/3/L42/U4 Containing a floor area of : 94 Sq.M
The Undivided Share Value of this Parcel in Common Elements of the Condominium Building is 0.1523% and the said Condominium Parcel No. (12.a) X/3/L43/U4 is registered in Volume/Folio Con D
…at the Land Registry, Colombo.

This Parcel is allotted with Accessory Parking Parcel 3P60 bounded as follows;

NORTH: by CE 3/1 and Parking Parcel 3P59
EAST: by CE 3/1
SOUTH: by CE 3/1
WEST: by CE 3/1
ZENITH: by Center of concrete slab of this Parcel
NADIR: by Center of concrete floor of this Parcel Containing a floor area of : 13 Sq.M
The said Accessory Parking Parcel 3P60 is registered in Volume/Folio Con Dat
the Land Registry, Colombo

ALL that Condominium Parcel (12.b) No. X/3/L44/U4 depicted in the Condominium Plan No. 16878 dated 24th July 2023 made by Gamini B. Dodanwela Licensed Surveyor bearing Assessment No. (1.b) 294 44/4, Dr. Colvin R De Silva Mawatha out of the Condominium Building known as “TRI-ZEN” situated at Slave Island in Ward No. 23 - Hunnupitiya within the Municipal Council Limits of Colombo in the Grama Niladari Division of Hunupitiya (Now Ibbanwala) and Divisional Secretary’s Division of Colombo in the Palle Pattu of Salpiti Korale in the District of Colombo Western Province and which said Condominium Parcel No. (12.b) X/3/L44/U4 is bounded as follows;

NORTH: Centre of wall between this Parcel and Parcel X/3/L44/U5, CE 44/14, CE 12/6,CE 44/16, CE 1/18 and Centre of wall of this Parcel
EAST: by Centre of wall of this Parcel
SOUTH: by Centre of wall of this Parcel
WEST: by Centre of wall of this Parcel, Centre of wall between this Parcel and Parcel X/3/L44/U5 and CE 44/14
ZENITH: by Center of concrete slab between this Parcel and Parcel X/3/L45/U4
NADIR: by Center of concrete floor between this Parcel and Parcel X/3/L43/U4 Containing a floor area of : 94 Sq.M
The Undivided Share Value of this Parcel in Common Elements of the Condominium Building is 0.1509% and the said Condominium Parcel No. (12.b) X/3/L44/U4 is registered in Volume/Folio Con D
…at the Land Registry, Colombo.

This Parcel is allotted with Accessory Parking Parcel 3P37 bounded as follows;

NORTH: by Parking Parcel 3P36 and CE 3/1
EAST: by Parking Parcel 3P38
SOUTH: by Parking Parcel 3P32 and 3P31
WEST: by CE 3/1 and Parking Parcel 3P36
ZENITH: by Center of concrete slab of this Parcel

NADIR: by Center of concrete floor of this Parcel Containing a floor area of : 12 Sq.M
The said Accessory Parking Parcel 3P37 is registered in Volume/Folio Con Dat the
Land Registry, Colombo

STATUTORY COMMON ELEMENTS OF THE CONDOMINIUM PROPERTY ARE AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 26 OF THE APARTMENT OWNERSHIP LAW NO. 11 OF 1973 AS AMENDED BY SECTION 12 OF THE (AMENDMENT) ACT NO. 45 OF 1982 AND (AMENDMENT) ACT NO 39 OF 2003.

The land on which the Building stands, including the open spaces appurtenant to the Condominium Property.
The Foundation, Columns, Girders, Beams, Supports, Main Walls and Roof of the Building.

Installation for Central Services such as electricity, telephone, radio, redifusion, television, water pipe, water tanks, sump for water, overhead water tanks, pump house, Ducts, sewerage line, manholes and garbage disposal.

All other parts and facilities of the Condominium Property necessary for or convenient to its existence, maintenance and safety or normally in common use.


DEFINITION AND DESCRIPTION OF COMMON ELEMENTS THE AREAS WHICH ARE DELINEATED AND
DESCRIBED IN THIS CONDOMINIUM PLAN No. 16878 dated 24th July 2023 made by Gamini B. Dodanwela Licensed Surveyor - Enclosed as Annexure Y hereto


IN WITNESS WHEREOF the duly appointed Power of Attorney of the Lessor and the Lessee have set their respective hands hereunto and three others of the same tenor and date as these presents at Colombo on this Twenty Fourth ( 24th ) day of April Two Thousand and Twenty-Six (2026).


Witness the signature of)
)
being the duly appointer Power of Attorney of the   )
said Lessor BRAYBROOKE RESIDENTIAL)
TOWERS (PRIVATE) LIMITED)

WITNESSES:

1.

2.

Witness the signature of)
)
being the authorized signatory of the)
said Lessee CAPITAL TRUST HOLDINGS LIMITED)

WITNESSES:

1.

2.

NOTARY PUBLIC

ANNEXURE X ANNEXURE Y